We figured all about the abduction and abuse of Ms. Erika six years ago, so here's a detailed report.
Someone's trying to hurt Mommy.
We found evidence six years ago.
Dad and I took Erika away.
I beat your tool again. I am following my own will.
Never this.
I'll respect you because you're the father of the woman I love, but if you lay a hand on her again, you'll pay a thousand times over.
So this is the wild man you found outside?
He's nothing special. No manners. The Morrison's will make you a great new existence.
Let them come. We'll see you regrets at first. Ben, get them out of here.
My dad and Dan's dad here in Morrison. I don't know what they might do.
I'm scared they might hurt you.
Don't worry. They can't hurt us.
Compared to my family or nothing. Do you know anything with them? It's a piece of cake.